1. Which of the following describes the purpose of Procfile in this app?
It tells Heroku which commands are run by your application's dynos
2. Which of the following describes the purpose of web.js?
It defines JS functions that are run when particular HTTP resources are requested
3. Which of the following describes the purpose of model/index.js?
It sets up the connection between the local or remote PostgreSQL database and the Sequelize ORM
4. Which of the following describes the purpose of the bitdb0 Postgres database?
? It's defined (along with user and pass) in the .pgpass file, created by pgsetup.sh, connected to an Order object via Sequelize in model/index.js, and used as a local database for debugging
5. Which of the following describes the purpose of heroku config:push?
It pushes the variables defined in .env to the remote running Heroku app
6. Which of the following describes the purpose of the foreman start invocation?
It allows you to simulate running Heroku locally, by starting up "dynos" and using the local .env file
7. Why might it be a good idea to separate polling of Coinbase via /refresh_orders from the loading of the /order page?
It's better to locally cache the new orders in the database via /refresh_orders than to issue a new API call to Coinbase every time the /order page is loaded
8. Which of the following describes the purpose of model/order.js? (Hint: look at Sequelize's model definition syntax.)
It sets up the mapping between the fields of an Order object (coinbase_id, amount, time) and the corresponding STRING, FLOAT, and STRING fields of the Orders table in the bitdb0 database.
9. Which of the following describes the purpose of views/orders.ejs?
It describes how an array of Order objects will be rendered in a table. The template is loaded and populated with just such an array by web.js when the /order relative URL is loaded.
10. Which of the following describes the purpose of index.html in this app?
It is the homepage and what people first see when they encounter the app
11. Which of the following describes the purpose of .env? (Hint: see heroku config).
It is a file of environmental variables, used to separate sensitive variables (like API keys) from the rest of the codebase
12. Which of the following describes the purpose of .env.dummy?
It is a template file that is meant to be copied into .env and then edited with a personal Coinbase API key
13. Which of the following describes the purpose of .pgpass?
It is used by pgsetup.sh to create a local Postgres database named bitdb0 which can be accessed by username ubuntu with pass bitpass0. It is also used by models/index.js to set up a connection between a Sequelize Order class and a table in this same bitdb0
14. Which of the following describes the purpose of .gitignore in the context of this app?
It keeps files we don't want out of a git repo, like the .env file
15. Which of the following describes the purpose of package.json?
It specifies which node modules are used in this app along with the relevant version of node and npm, and is used by Heroku
16. Which of the following describes the purpose of pgsetup.sh?
It parses .pgpass and creates a Postgres database with the given name and user. It also sets up a symlink to .pgpass in the home directory such that psql can be used, and creates a simple test table to confirm that everything worked.
17. Which of the following describes the purpose of setup-ssjs.sh?
It pulls in the node packages, sets up most of Heroku, and invokes pgsetup.sh to create the database as well.
18. What does the async module in web.js do (Hint: see here)?
It provides higher order functions for working with asynchronous Javascript, and is specifically used to add each order to the database independently in web.js
19. What does Express do (Hint: see here)?
It's a web framework for parsing HTTP requests and generating HTTP responses, and used to set up the routes for the app
20. What does Sequelize do (Hint: see here)?
It's a popular Object/Relational Mapper for node, used in this case to connect to a local or remote postgres database in models/index.js and then set up a mapping in models/order.js between the relational DB table named Order and the Order JS object.
21. What does Postgres do in this app (Hint: see here)?
It's used both locally and remotely. Locally, we set up a database named bitdb0 as specified in .pgpass using pgsetup. Whether remote or local, the database is read and written from models/order.js.
22. What fields did we choose to record for each Order object in models/order.js?
coinbase_id, amount, time
23. What does the async.forEach(orders_json.orders, addOrder, ... bit do?
It calls addOrder asynchronously on each item in the orders_json.orders array and redirects to "/orders" when all Orders have been added successfully
24. Which of the following are reasons why Coinbase might choose to represent all transaction amounts in Satoshis using total_btc_cents rather than using a floating point variable?
- Because integer arithmetic is exact, while floating point arithmetic can cause rounding errors - and you generally do not want rounding errors in an application dealing with money.
- The Bitcoin protocol only specifies subdivision up to 8 decimal places today, though it might be extended tomorrow, so an integer representation down to 8 decimals is in some sense the canonical representation
25. What does the __dirname invocation do?
It allows a running node script to determine the directory in which it is being run
